Selene read Harry’s book in three days.  She was not a fast reader,
but spent each day with the care of a writer.  It had touched
something in her.  Life on the moon had evolved into a sense of
humanity that escaped the description of its inhabitants.  Harry and
Pearl had published a work of fact and fiction that defied capture but
resonated with truth.  It had given her pause, and in her reflection
some evolution of awareness.  She could only wonder what would come
out of it.

Selene’s course of life had changed, and in that a conscious moment of
course.  She reached out to Book and they emerged from a separation of
some days to meet in the city and spend time among others, as people
do.  She spoke to Book of the effort of Harry and Pearl, and read a
few pieces to illuminate.  Book knew well her sense of it.  She was
walking through the moment in consciousness.  That her effective life
partner was named Book, and that she wrote Books, and that Book was
included in her Books was sometimes an unbearable coincidence for
others.  For Selene it lead to a bit of confused humor at points of
conceit.

Book’s mind was turned to the arts of communication long ago.  It was
a continuous and vital link to Selene, that she could pursue her
interest in physics and engineering and depend on Selene to fulfill
her need for a life of art.  That art met metaphysics was a well known
fact, generally.  One’s adaptation to art exported one’s familiarity
with macrometaphysics.  And like any other principal dimension of
education, improved the quality of life.
