Are you perfect in every way?

Better than, for the experience.  My intellect has a capacity for
focus that some might capture as distraction.  My head can reboot in a
way I’m not sure anyone could imagine (i.e. it’s really out there, the
mastery of dissonance and dissociation).  Which is painful, but the
psychophysiological machinery catches me in a state that’s like days
of endorphins, afterward.  Let’s, what else.  Oh, and my country, the
United States, owes me a debt of gratitude they’ll never be able to
repay.

At this point I’m obligated to append that I’m assured that Barack did
everything in his power, subject to me holding up my end of a bargain
justified before history, keeping me safe, and himself legal.  That
bargain was he does his part and I do my part.  It was horrible, at
points.  And it was only worth it if my country does everything in its
power to benefit from the work we’ve done.

There are parts of the story where I wasn’t paying attention, and
everyone got confused.  Caught up in our air traffic.  There are
lessons of reading and thinking, and habits of mind.  Long story
short, Gwyneth is my wife.  Barack is my friend.  Hillary is also a
friend, and someone people don’t give enough credit to.

People fall prey to their indulgences of fear and sex, money and
power.  Change agents act on these issues to help others.  People need
to recognize that good people don’t stand up in public on behalf of
lame issues.  And the ones speaking suicide language are extraordinary
in every way.

The generous souls who stand before mass media deserve credit where
credit is due.  Unfortunately, far too many regard associations with
broadcast media as necessarily pandering to base indulgences, and eat
that in a most undignified manner.  This occurs across society, “high”
and “low” (as we’re wont to use the terms economically).  And we’re
redeveloping our sense of understanding these metaphysical facts.
