\input preamble

At the time Gerard slept his first night in Sophie's absence he was
living in an apartment allocated to faculty.  He wondered what her
name might be.  He agonized over the seconds and minutes occupied by
thoughts of her.  The promise of a future mated in couple didn't occur
to him as such.  A young man is excited by the promise of sexual
activity.  And while that sugar was rotting his brain, his heart sang
the tune that actually captivated him.  And for this reason he did not
reject the experience of imagining as shallow or not worthwhile.  He
knew that in that boiling cauldron of emotion were feelings of import
and substance beynd the expression of mating by the act of
reproduction.  Not knowing the art of life in couple, he had only a
subliminal appreciation for the song his inner consciousness was
singing to him.  He might mistake instinct for admiration or {\it vice
versa}, but he could not mistake the commitment his heart's song was
preparing him for, and the fact that this song and his experience of
it brought him enormous wealth of spirit.  He thought of fatherhood
and spousehood.  Some may think it out of ordinary, but it was
spousehood that drew him into the spiritual heights.  And then he
understood, in some sense, that the heights to which he aspired had no
relation to sexual intercourse.  That they were spiritual, and that
they were about her.  He felt the notion of a purpose or calling, and
its name was husband.

\bye
