\input preamble

Under the lake a transparent home enjoyed only as much light as the
depths afforded.  Carl's home had two stories above the surface and
more than ten stories below.  His plan was hydrothermal.  Construction
would halt in another decade.  He had employed wind and solar with
fusion to produce the energy budget required to support his project.
There was more than enough space for the structure to take on a range
of possible r\^oles, private or institutional, when he n longer
required it for himself.  But there was little budget in the plan he
elected for vehicles.  He kept a simple electric aircraft for his
basic freedom, aside from his legs and arms, a kayak, a canoe, a
sailboat, and a bicycle.  The bike was kept in town, and the others
were stored in the enclosure that he called a boathouse.

The first floors above and below were organized as kitchens.  He
simply couldn't pick a favorite.  He would use either one according to
the light and his mood.  Likewise the second floors above and below
were first bedrooms for him.  He didn't always enjoy sleeping under
the stars, in the atmosphere over the lake.  He sometimes slept well
under the surface, only close enough for a comfortable awareness of
the world outside.  This calm was for him what he understood from
Gerard's description of his interest in lunar orbit.  A quietude that
instilled serenity, as surely as opening a door and walking into a
room.

\bye
