\input preamble

Much to his surprise, Gerard saw Sophie walking up to Lucia's as he
was walking up to Lucia's.  His chest rose with the anxiety of someone
afraid of risking the exposure of his heart.  His head flooded with
the confusion of someone unsure of his steps.  He watched a smile form
on her face and realized that his face wore an expression of some
concern.  With the awarenness coupled with her smile he relaxed and a
smile emerged.  It may or may not have said I love you, but that was
the extent of his semi-conscious awareness.  They stepped up to each
other before Lucia's door as the only two people in existence.  Gone
were their differences along with any sense of academic life.  Gerard
knew there would be a kiss in this moment somewhere, and prepared
himself to not be any more forceful or masculine than she required.
He watched her eyes look into his.  Her expression seemed to narrow to
an inspection before it was swept into the grace he recognized as
generosity and felt as the arrival of the kiss.  Seconds gave way to
tenths of seconds as he leaned his head to hers and waited for her
head to lean to his.  She moved into him with a force that took his
breath and they were kissing.  It was a simple kiss of meeting lips
but it lasted for thousands of milliseconds.  He lost track of time
and space entirely in the embrace that joined them.  He was not
conscious of it, but he lost track of himself within the presence of
theirself.

\bye
